docs: Module 3 Protobuf - code sample integration (B9lab updates 2-2-a) (#848)
cosmos/sdk-tutorials: b9lab-content/3-main-concepts/09-protobuf.md

```go
type StoredGame struct {
    Creator string `protobuf:"bytes,1,opt,name=creator,proto3" json:"creator,omitempty"`
    ...
}
```
How are you to add such cryptic commands without any error?

## Move Upstream

This is where Protobuf comes in to simplify your life yet more. The same `StoredGame` can in fact be declared as:

```protobuf
message StoredGame {
  string creator = 1;
  string index = 2;
  string game = 3;
  string turn = 4;
  string red = 5;
  string black = 6;
  uint64 wager = 7;
}
```
The `= 1` parts indicate how each field is identified in the serialized output, and additionally provides backward compatibility. Down the road, to preserve backward compatibility, if you add or remove fields, make sure to not reuse numbers for new fields, but to keep increasing the `= x` value.

When _compiling_ it, Protobuf will add the `protobuf:"bytes..."` elements. Similarly, the messages to create a game can be declared in Protobuf as:

```protobuf
message MsgCreateGame {
  string creator = 1;
  string red = 2;
  string black = 3;
  uint64 wager = 4;
}

message MsgCreateGameResponse {
  string idValue = 1;
}
```

## Enter Starport

> 
> Can this too be created for you? Yes. If you use Starport and commands like:

Reviewer: Just some styling suggestions:

```suggestion

When Starport creates a message for you, it also creates the gRPC definitions and Go handling code. Using commands like below this is relatively easy to achieve for your own chain:
```

```sh
$ starport scaffold map storedGame game turn red black wager:uint --module checkers --no-message
$ starport scaffold message createGame red black wager:uint --module checkers --response idValue
```

> Head to [how to build your own chain](../5-my-own-chain/01-index) for more details on using Starport.
> 
> When Starport creates a message for you, it also creates the gRPC definitions and Go handling code.

Reviewer: Continued:

```suggestion

If you want to dive straight into coding your own chain, head to [how to build your own chain](../5-my-own-chain/01-index) for more details on using Starport.
```

Again, a closing summery & CTA before the expansion panel would be desirable.
